# $Id$

Sbopkg README
Copyright 2007-2008 Chess Griffin <chess@chessgriffin.com>

Homepage:  http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg

ABOUT

Sbopkg is a command-line and dialog-based tool to synchronize with the
SlackBuilds.org ("SBo") repository, a collection of third-party
SlackBuild scripts to build Slackware packages.  Sbopkg will allow the
user to create, synchronize, search, and browse a local copy of the
SBo repository, read the ChangeLog, list the installed SBo packages,
display potential updates to SlackBuilds.org packages, view the
README, SlackBuild, .info, and slack-desc files for each package, and
make manual edits to a copy of the original .info or SlackBuild files.
Sbopkg will also allow the user to select packages to build and it
will download the source code, check the md5sum, build a Slackware
package, and, if using the dialog interface, install the package.  It
will not check dependencies since that is not a feature native to
Slackware. Sbopkg is one thing and one thing only: a medium to easily
browse a local copy of the SlackBuilds.org repository and build
packages from it.

Sbopkg can be also be used strictly from the command line without the
dialog interface to do most of the above items.  Typing sbopkg -h
will display the command line options.

HELP

Sbopkg comes with two man pages:  sbopkg.conf(5) and sbopkg(8).  These
man pages are kept up-to-date with functional changes in the script
itself, so they are a good source of information on how to use sbopkg.

If the man pages are not sufficient, please consider joining the
sbopkg mailing list and posting your question there.  You can reach
the list at:  http://groups.google.com/group/sbopkg-discuss.
Additionally, you find me (Chess Griffin - nick _chess_) on IRC in the
#sbopkg channel on irc.freenode.com or in the ##slackware and
#slackbuilds channels, also on freenode.

CONTRIBUTORS

I welcome bug reports, suggestions, patches, or feature requests.
Please post any of these to the Issue tracker (kind of like a
Bugzilla) on the project's home page (click the Issues tab) at
http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg so I can keep track of them.  There
have been many contributors so far, and they are all mentioned near
the top of the sbopkg script itself.  Thanks to everyone who has
helped make this script better.
