Starting with sbopkg version 0.0.8, there is a feature that displays
potential updates to SBo packages installed on a user's system.  This
feature is still a work in progress, and bugs are expected.  Most bugs
will manifest themselves as either (a) missing updates -- those
updates that should appear in the list but do not or (b) false
positives -- updates listed in the list that are not really updates at
all.  If you run into either of these problems, please do the
following in order to assist me with bug-reporting:

As a root user, please open up /usr/bin/sbopkg in your favorite text
editor and uncomment the following line in the "Variables" section
near the top of the file:

#UPDATE_DEBUG="1"

so that it looks like this:

UPDATE_DEBUG="1"

This variable turns on a more detailed update list.  This more
detailed list will list all SlackBuilds.org packages, and will list
package updates, packages that have no updates, packages that are not
in the repo, and packages for which the installed version is newer
than the repo version.  This variable also saves the update list as a
permanent log, described below.

After this variable has been uncommented, save the sbopkg file and
rerun sbopkg.  Please select the update feature as normal and then
exit sbopkg.  The permanent log of the update list will now be saved
in $TMP/sbopkg-debug-updatelist.

Finally, in order to compare this permanent log with the actual list
of installed packages, please do as a root user:

# cd /var/log/packages; ls *SBo* > mypackagelist.txt

Please forward the permanent log and the mypackagelist.txt files to me
via email to chess@chessgriffin.com or post them in the sbopkg mailing
list, which can be found at the project's homepage:
http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg.

Once you have forwarded or copied the log and the mypackagelist.txt to
a safe location, feel free to comment out that single line in
/usr/bin/sbopkg again, which will then disable the creation of the
permanent update log, keeping your $TMP clean.  Of course, leaving the
line uncommented is fine as well and will create a new
$TMP/sbopkg-debug-updatelist each time the update feature is used as
well as display the detailed update list each time you use the update
feature.

Thanks for your help!
